HTML VS HTML5
HTML5 is the fifth version of HTML. Many elements are removed or modified from HTML5.
Browser support: HTML5 has browser support. It means even if some browsers are not supporting HTML5 you will be able to load a webpage on that browser.
Geolocation: HTML5 provides a geolocation feature. With the help of the geolocation feature, we can insert or implement maps on our web pages for example world maps, etc.
HTML5 supports both audio and video while none of them were part of
HTML cannot allow JavaScript to run within the web browser, while HTML5 provides full support for running JavaScript.
In HTML5, inline mathML and SVG can be used in a text, while in HTML it is not possible.
HTML5 supports new types of form controls, such as date and time, email, number, category, title, Url, search, etc.
Many elements have been introduced in HTML5. Some of the most important are time, audio, description, embed, fig, shape, footer, article, canvas, navy, output, section, source, track, video, etc.

**************JAVASCRIPT QUESTIONS***********
there are 3 types of scope in javascript 
global scope 
function scope
blocking scope

what is call apply bind ?
it help us to borrowing function . so we can bore function from an object.
Apply is very similar to the call function. The only difference is that in apply you can pass an array as an argument list.

WHAT IS THIS KEY WORD IN JAVASCRIPT ?
In JavaScript, the this keyword refers to an object.
Which object depends on how this is being invoked (used or called).
The this keyword refers to different objects depending on how it is used:

In an object method, this refers to the object.
Alone, this refers to the global object.
In a function, this refers to the global object.
In a function, in strict mode, this is undefined.

DIFERENCE BTW ARROW FUNCTION AND REGULAR FUNCTION
arrow function is short code,arrow function have no argument binding, it canonot access arguments.
it will show reference error. arrow function is not constructable. duplicate argu are not allow it show error.
it has no own this.there will be no biniding for this function.


WHAT IS MEMOIZATION ?
memoization is like a catche it is use for perfomance optimization , we are storing a cast value like if you are
 using a function then we are storing it returns value as a cashe ,
 it is use to avoid re rendering problems in react. har bar function pai heavy calculations na ho
. react mai ya usememo or use callback hooks in react .

WHAT IS REST AND SPREAD OPERATORS?
both are denoted by 3 dots like (...others) rest operator collector multiply element and it will condence it into the form of a new array element
Spread operator it allow expresion to be expendible where multiply element and arg or expresions are expected.


REACT 
WHAT IS VIRTUAL DOM ?
Virtual dom is a copy of dom . it is a virtual representation . when ever app is render first time
 tree of react element is created and it is put into the memory and it is syn with the real dom
when any prop or state change happen or like any update addition happen  then a second copy of virtual 
dom is created then both of them compared with each other through algorithem call difficult alg
and only the updated value send to the first copy of dom . so the first copy sync with the real dom
only the real value send to the dom reconcilition.basically it improve the perfomnce of our application
thats why react use virtual dom concept.

what is advantages of react js ?
first is virtual dom so the rendering of app is very fast.
we use jsx in react so it help us to write react app very easiy ut help us to write html and js 
together .
one way data binding like parent to child data pass .
we can make single page app in react js 

what is context and redux ? 

we use context hook which help us to declare the state globally if we talk about and if their is large 
application then we use redux where we can just store all our global data in centralized store
where every component can get data from .


HOW REDUX WORKS ? 
there is 3 core concept of redux action reducer and store .
in store where all our application data is stored in the form of objective tree .
action is like a clean javascript object that must have type attribute and the reducer is a 
function that take two arg that is the state  and action based on what action we are dispatching
like what action we want perform on our state then reducer will perform that action and it will
return the new state thats howi redux work.

WHAT IS HIGHER ORDER COMPONENTS ? 
high order components wo comp jo dosry comp ko as a prop laita hai or ek alag sy comp
return krta ho .
WHAT IS LIFE CYCLE METHOD IN REACT JS ?
there are 3 phases in react life cycle.
mounting
updateing
unmounting

COMPONENTDIDMOUNT
jb b koi component first time render ya load hoga ya chaly ga .
Constructor b ek life cycle hai agr ap chaty ho k page load hony sy phely b kuch initialize ho
to hum is k ander liky gy.
Render b apny andr ek life cycle hai
JSX is use for to write html in javascript. browser jsx nhe samjhta is liye humary pas transpiler ka
concept hota ha.jis sy jsx convert hojata hai jis ko browseer samjhta hai.
COMPONENTDIDUPDATE jb b koi cheez update hogi like state to ya chaly ga.
COMPONENTWILLUNMOUNT jb b hum koi component ko remove kary gy to ya chaly ga.


